doc improvement: style fixes in nRF9160 samples part-2 (#6768)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/lte_ble_gateway/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/spm.txt

Overview
*********

> The sample connects using Bluetooth LE to a Thingy:52 running the factory pre-loaded application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample connects using Bluetooth LE to a Thingy:52 running the factory preloaded application.
```
https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/TECHDOC/Terms%2C+abbreviations%2C+and+spelling+rules#Terms,abbreviations,andspellingrules-P

Author: Done.
